update tidb secret docs and charts (#398)
pingcap/tidb-operator: docs/operation-guide.md

$ kubectl get svc -n ${namespace} # check the available services
```

> By default the TiDB cluster has no password set. You can create `Secret` with following command, and uncomment setting `tidb.passwordSecretName` in `values.yaml` before deploying:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the TiDB cluster has no root password set. Setting a password in helm is insecure. Instead you can set the name of a K8s secret as `tidb.passwordSecretName` in `values.yaml`. Note that this is only used to initialize users: once your tidb cluster is initialized you may delete the secret. The format of the secret is `user=password`, so you can set the root user password with:
```

Author: good suggestion
